Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design?
The client was someone wants to make a big website company that can make schedule appointments for driving lessons. On the website they will provide course materials to
study and take practice tests to gain a better understanding of what it takes to drive. They want the web-based platform to be compatable with all devices and all supported browers.
They are called DriverPass, and have plan for different packages for customers depending on there wants and needs.
What did you do particularly well?
I think I did well with finding all the requirements to build this system, and creating the system, short papers, and business documents.
If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
I would pick the short paper explanation because I think I left out a lot of important information that client on partners of DriverPass would like to know.
How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
I built them into the UML diagrams so they can be visually seen by nontechnical and technical people. It is very important to consider the users needs when designing
because if they dont recieve there wants/needs they will not like it and will not continue doing business with you. Also it makes them very happy and reassure when they see
there ideas.
How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?
My approach when designing software is to take babysteps, because you do not want to be overloaded with information that can be confussing or lost. So handling different ideas
one at a time and breaking down those ideas into there key parts are very beneficial. Some strategies I will use in the future is making diamgrams to visually see the potential
of the desins. I myself am a visual learner and seeing the visual representation of designs helps me understand the process.
